A Wish-Fulfilling Feast of Siddhis: An Aspiration Prayer to Orgyen Rinpoche, the Precious Master of Oḍḍiyāna The vajra nature of the mind is the space of primordial wisdom, And inseparable from it in every way is Pema Tötreng Tsal. To you who are one with him, all-pervasive lord, glorious lama, From my heart I pray-grant me your blessing! Simply to see your enlightened form puts a stop to ordinary deluded perception; Simply to hear your secret enlightened voice arouses the wisdom of great bliss; Simply to think of you snatches away all fear of saṃsāra and nirvāṇa. Lama, my only father, I cry out to you-think of me with love! I and those like me, beings who are worn and weary, with no one to protect us, Are drowning in saṃsāra's ocean of suffering. Since we have no other refuge or protection but you, lord, Swiftly make this, our pure aspiration, fulfill its aim. Here and now, eliminate the harm caused by illness, maleficent spirits, negative entities, and the like; Pacify all circumstances unfavorable for practicing the Dharma. Increase our long life, merit, prosperity, qualities due to study and realization, Favorable circumstances, and everything positive and good. Ultimately, grant us your blessing so that when we have cultivated a deep experience of renunciation and bodhicitta, And appearance, sound, and awareness arise as deity, mantra, and dharmakāya, Then through the special vajra path of primordial purity and spontaneous presence We may attain enlightenment, supreme among the siddhis. If, in this life, I cannot follow through to completion, When the clear light dawns at death, let me behold in it The actual presence of Padmasambhava, and abiding there, inseparable, May I be liberated into the dharmakāya space of the nature of all things. But if, at that point, I fall under the control of dualistic delusion, And the appearances of the bardo of becoming arise, Then let the kind and compassionate lama, Lake-Born Vajra, Come to welcome me with throngs of ḍākas and ḍākinīs Amid sounds of music and a falling cascade of flowers, Saying, "Only child of ours, come now to the Mountain of Glory," Calling me by name, and leading me to this paradise on earth, To the city of Lotus Light! Once there, constantly practicing the Dharma of the supreme vehicle, Along with the hosts of vidyādharas and ḍākinīs, May I become skilled in the great secret path of ripening and liberation, And on that basis swiftly attain the level of the four kāyas. Then, may the non-partisan teachings flourish and spread, May the lives of the supreme holders of the teachings be secure for ages to come, May all the degeneration of this time in the land of Tibet be pacified, And may the joy and happiness of a new age of perfection increase and prevail. Finally, from now until attaining the essence of enlightenment, May the feet of the glorious lama, the wish-fulfilling gem, Rest forever, uninterruptedly, on the lotus at the center of my heart, Granting auspiciousness so that all good things in saṃsāra and nirvāṇa increase! Through the blessing of the great master of Orgyen, who knows past, present, and future, in the natural gathering place of ḍākas and ḍākinīs, Dragmar Zangyak Namkha Dzong, on the upper slopes of Tibet's five-peaked mountain, while celebrating the tsok feast on the tenth day of the waxing moon of the miracle month of the Male Iron Dog year, "the common one," the vidyādhara Khyentse Wangpo, favorite servant of the omniscient guru, made this prayer. May there be blessings that it comes to pass exactly as it says. Sarva maṅgalaṃ!  
